All right.
We're now going to go around our common module, find all of our different events, four in total and
inside of the data property of each of those events, we're going to say that we're going to include
the version number and it's going to be type number.
So we'll start off first with order cancelled.
I'll find the data property right after the ID.
We will include version as a number.
That's going to be the version number of the order itself.
That's it.
Next up, order created.
It's out of order created.
We'll say that this thing is going to include version as a number.
That's it.
We'll go to ticket created.
Add in version number.
And then finally ticket updated add in version number.
And that's it.
So let's now go back over to our terminal.
We're going to go into the common module directory.
We're going to republish this thing and then we will update the version of the common module used inside
of tickets and orders.
Back at my terminal, I'm inside of ticketing, which is our overall project directory.
So I'll change into the common folder and do an NPM run pub.
It looks like I'm on version 20.
You probably are a little bit less, as I mentioned many times.
I've definitely published a couple of extra versions here and there as I've rerecorded videos and whatnot.
So version 20, you're probably going to be on a much lesser version.
Just remember that number.
We're now going to go over to our order service and the ticket service update the common module version
in there.
And we're going to want to just double check, make sure that all these version numbers line up with
whatever version you just saw in your terminal.
So I'll begin first inside of orders.
Inside of orders.
I'll do an NPM update by common module.
So I'm going to expect to see one zero 20 in my case.
And yep, looks good.
Next up, I'll go over to the ticket service and do an NPM update.
Common.
Okay.
So that should be it.
All set?
Well, now that we've got these new event definitions, we're going to go around.
And unfortunately, we're going to make sure that every single time we publish an event, we include
that version number.
So there's going to be a little bit of hunting of code here to make sure that we always pass off the
version number appropriately.
So this is going to include a little bit of hunt and find.
Luckily, we do also have our tests.
Now the tests are not going to necessarily make sure that we include the version number.
It's actually TypeScript that's going to make sure that we include the version number on there.
So if we run the test, chances are we might see some typescript errors, something saying, hey, you
were supposed to include a version property here, but you didn't.
So let's hunt through our ticket service and the order service in the next video.
And every single time we publish an event, we'll just make sure that we always include a version as
well.